{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi Lurii,\
\
Your Django project seems well-structured overall, and you've done a good job maintaining clarity and readability in your code. Here are some points to note:\
\
1. **Movie Model**: The model definition is clear and concise. However, consider adding a primary key field, if `movie_id` is not meant to be one. If it is, it's better to define it as `models.AutoField(primary_key=True)` instead of an `IntegerField`. It will auto-increment and ensure uniqueness.\
\
2. **Serializers**: The MovieSerializer is well implemented, simple and straightforward.\
\
3. **Views**: Your views are quite clear and you've followed Django Rest Framework's conventions, which is good. However, there are a few improvements that can be made:\
\
   - **DRY Principle**: There are several instances where the code could be refactored to follow the DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) principle. For instance, the `process_response` method is defined outside of a class, but it could be a part of a base class from which other views inherit.\
\
   - **Exception Handling**: There's also an opportunity to use more comprehensive exception handling, especially when you're dealing with third-party APIs and database queries. More explicit error messages could be returned.\
\
   - **POST requests in Search APIView**: The method used in the Search view is `post`, but it could be more suitable to use `get` since you're retrieving data.\
\
   - **Status codes**: The response status code is set to 201 when updating a favorite, watched, or watchlist movie. The HTTP 201 status is typically for when a new resource has been created, 200 or 204 might be more appropriate for updates.\
\
4. **URLs**: Your URL patterns are clear and reflect the corresponding views well. Remember to keep them as intuitive and standard as possible. Consider prefixing your API related URLs with 'api/' for better organization.\
\
In summary, your code is well done but could be made more efficient by employing a few best practices and principles of clean code. Keep up the good work!\
\
Yossi}